Privacy Policy
[Developer/Company Name] built the Zero app as an [Open Source/Free/Freemium/Advertising Support/Commercial] application. This service is provided free of charge by [developer/company name] and is intended to be used as it is.

If you decide to use the [us/our] service, this page will be used to inform visitors about the [us/our] policy regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information.

If you choose to use the [my/our] service, you agree to the collection and use of information related to this policy. The personal information collected by us/we will be used to provide and improve the service.[ We/we will not use or share your information with anyone unless it is stated in this privacy policy.

The terms used in this privacy policy have the same meaning as our terms of use and are accessible from zero unless otherwise specified in this privacy policy.

Collection and use of information

For a better experience, [I/us] may need to provide us with information that can identify certain individuals while using our services. [ The information requested by I] is [retained on your device and not collected by [we/us] / [we are retained and used as described in this privacy policy].

Log data

[I/us] will collect data and information on a mobile phone called log data (through third-party products) when an error occurs in the app [I/us] every time you use [my/us] service. I'll let you know. This log data includes the device's Internet protocol ("IP") address, the device name, the operating system version, the app settings when using the [I/Our] service, the date and time of use of the service, and others. Statistics may be included.

Cookies

A cookie is a file containing a small amount of data commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent from the website you visited to your browser and stored in the internal memory of the device.

We do not explicitly use these "cookies" in this service. However, the app may use third-party code and libraries that collect information and use "cookies" to improve the service. You have the option to approve or reject these cookies and know when cookies are sent to your device. If you choose to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some parts of the Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals for the following reasons:

To promote our services.
To provide services on behalf of us.
To perform service-related services, or
It helps to analyze how our services are used.
[I/We] would like to notify users of this service that these third parties have access to personal information. The reason is to perform the assigned tasks on our behalf. However, we are obliged not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security

[I/We] value your trust in providing your personal information, and therefore we strive to use commercially acceptable means of protection. However, keep in mind that the methods of transmission and electronic storage over the Internet are 100% safe and reliable, and [me/we] cannot guarantee absolute security.

Links to other sites

This service may contain links to other sites. Click on a third-party link to go to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by [me/us]. Therefore, [I/us] strongly recommend that you check the privacy policy of these websites. I/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/W/

Children's privacy

[I/we] do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. I/we] recommend that you never submit personally identifiable information to all children through the application and/or service. We/we] may, by instructing parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and not to provide information that can identify individuals through applications and/or services without permission, we We encourage you to support enforcement. If you have a reason to believe that your child has provided personally identifiable information through the application and/or service, please contact us. In addition, you must be at least 16 years old to agree to the processing of personally identifiable information in your country (in some countries, parents or guardians may allow you to do so on your behalf).

Changes to this privacy policy

[Me/we] may update the privacy policy from time to time. Therefore, if there are any changes to this page, it is recommended to check it regularly. We/we will notify you of the change by posting a new privacy policy on this page.

This policy is effective from October 2, 2022.

Contact us

[my/our] If you have any questions or suggestions about the privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at [my/us] (matsutayou@gmail.com).

This privacy policy page was created on privacypolicytemplate.net and was modified/generated by the App Privacy Policy Generator.   
